Please destroy these common days
I must have been waiting for the stimulation of something abnormal
That tiny bit of adventurousness was pulled into observation,
And after getting spit back out, I arrived in this rainy city.
I ain't gonna die having never felt anything,
So I'll set my sights beyond the end!
It would help if you couldcome with us quietly.
I sent Aoba and the othersto attack the Yellow Scarves, as we speak.
Mother... I've captured Izaya.
Please bring him to No. 12's office.
I'm gonna start doling out some penalties!
Bastard!I'm gonna start doling out some penalties!
Running through, we're steppin' out tonight!
Though we're still so uncertain,
Shining bright, we're steppin' out tonight!
It's waiting for us, so let's go on to tomorrow!
Fighting back, we're steppin' out tonight!
We're amidst the wind,
But still, we're steppin' out tonight!
We're already pursuing it, so there's only one thing left!